your non-competition clause is actually valid
he is in almost 4 out of 10arbeidsovereenkomsten
the non-competition clause
1 provision in your contract
which forbids you to work for the competitor
to carry out competitive activities yourself
did you know that such an agreement in your contract
is by no means always valid
for example,
1 non-competition clause is not intended for it
to just prevent employees
to switch to 1 other company
as an employer you really have to have an interest in it
trade secrets
and otherconcurrentiegevoelige information
to protect
this means right
thatconcurrentiebedingen
may not be agreed with all employees
it would be for example
can be done with specialists
or with commercial employees
furthermore,
1 non-competition clause is almost never valid
in 1 temporary employment contract
must be the non-competition clause
be agreed in writing
and the employee must be of age
Do you want to get rid of your non-competition clause
first negotiate this with your employer
in the extreme case
you can take it to the judge
oh and
Do not just agree to 1 non-competition clause
when you sign your employment contract
it is often standard
but that is often not necessary
this can prevent hassle afterwards
follow me for more info